DOC-4291 Update Reward configuration documentation (#132)
exoplatform/exo-documentation: docs/Configuration.rst

          exo.wallet.PendingTransactionVerifierJob.expression=0/10 * * * * ?

>    -  Send raw transactions of all wallets. When a user sends a transaction, the transaction gets signed by private key in browser side and the resulted raw transaction is sent to eXo Platform server instead of sending it directly to blockchain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   -  Send raw transactions of all wallets. When a user sends a transaction, it gets signed by a private key in the browser side. The resulted raw transaction is sent to eXo Platform server instead of sending it directly to blockchain.
```

            exo.wallet.transaction.gas.cheapPrice=4000000000

      -  Dynamic or Normal transaction:
         This is the default choice used for perkstore and wallet.
         In fact, the default option is to use dynamic gas price that will be computed and determined from blockchain periodically.

>          This will avoid to use a static gas price that can lead to a very slow transaction mining time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         This will avoid using a static gas price which can lead to a very slow transaction mining time.
```

>          On the other hand, using a dynamic gas price, can lead to have expensive transactions. (This will depends on proposed gas price by blockchain)   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         On the other hand, using a dynamic gas price can lead to having expensive transactions. (This will depend on the proposed gas price by blockchain)   
```

    .. note:: If the transaction is still not mined after ``exo.wallet.transaction.pending.maxDays`` days, it will be marked as a failed transaction in eXo's internal database.
              if/when it gets eventually mined (pending.maxDays), the Job ``ContractTransactionVerifierJob`` will detect it and will update the real transaction status coming from the blockchain and send notifications.

> * The parellel number of transactions to send:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The parallel number of transactions to send:
```

    .. code-block:: jproperties

          exo.wallet.transaction.pending.maxToSend=3

* The number of sending transaction attempts is configured by:

    .. code-block:: jproperties

          exo.wallet.transaction.pending.maxSendingAttempts=3

>     .. note:: If the transaction is still not mined after ``exo.wallet.transaction.pending.maxDays`` days, it will be marked as a failed transaction in eXo's internal database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    .. note:: If the transaction is still not mined after ``exo.wallet.transaction.pending.maxDays`` days, it will be marked as a failed in eXo's internal database.
```
